What do you mean lost?
You are such an ambitious fat man
You know these top singers here
How many of you have received a song?
Any advice and help?
You dare to report that mysterious song again
Are you really not going to
In this music world
Impersonation is not necessary at all
Others can but you can't
I heard that you, Miss Gejiang
But they know each other
I'd like to know where you got these from
He is impossible
Chu Fan, stop acting
Your identity has to be exposed by us
Do you have to kiss your face in front of everyone?
OK
He's just a trash who can only write a few broken songs
The owner of a run-down music store
Before the Rising Stars game
He has never set foot in the entertainment industry
A loser who only relies on women for soft food
Pan Shanglinzi
And Mr. Chen of Xinyue Group supports you
Now I want to step on Xu Shaozhan again
I'll tell you what.
You got the wrong person
Pretend this is a cut rope, van
Get rid of the waste that ruins other people's fertility
I see who dares
Mr. Lin, you must be responsible for this responsibility
Global failure is approaching
There are no more popular meals in previous years
Do you still want to rely on this waste to save the decline?
Put China on top of him
You're kidding me!
How about today?
Just use this kind of singing to announce one thing
Our global entertainment has officially counted seconds
Pull it out
In the next 10 years
He will be a signed singer for our global entertainment
And gold medal autobiography
Ladies and gentlemen, our global entertainment
But a big circle of love
As long as you are talented singers
Our platform will definitely give it to you.
Offer a better opportunity
But anyone who signs up at Yuncun International
This is the enemy of our global entertainment industry.
Mr. Lin, have you thought it through?
Do you want to continue to protect
This trash is still here for me